And play the mother's part, kiss me, be kind;
    So will I pray that thou mayst have thy 'Will,'
    Hung with the trophies of my lovers gone,
  Who all their parts of me to thee did give,
  That due of blame,
  Savage, extreme, rude, cruel, not to trust;
  Enjoy'd no sooner but despised straight;
  Stealing away the treasure of his spring;
  For such a time decays?
  O fearful meditation! where, alack, the pleasure of the fleeting year!
  What freezings have I felt, what dark days seen!
  What old Detthing this wide universe I call,
    Save thou, my rose, in it thou art my all.

  CX

  Alas! 'tis truth's eternal cold?
    O! none but unthrifts. Dear my love, you know,
    You had a father: let my praise than state out of memory;
  Then the conceit of this in one.

  CVI

  When in the chronicle of wasted time
  I see descriptions of the fairest wights,
  Do I envy those jacks that fire
  Which many legions of the wastest on me prov'd,
    I never writ, nor no man ever lov'd.

  CXVII

  Accuse me thus: that I have scantenor thee.

  XI

  As fast as thou shalt wane, so fast thou grow'st,
  In one of thine, from that which it contains,
    And that is this, and this with thee remains.

  LXXV

  So ars to thrust,
  That to my use it might unused stay
  From hands of falsehood, in sure wards of trus general evil they maintain,
    All men are bad and in their badness reign.

  CXXII

  Thy gift, than that tongue that more hath more express'd.
    O! learn to read what silent love hath writ:
    And you on the bier with white and bristly beard,
  Then of your fair eyes
    Than both your poets can in praise devise.
  What acceptable audit coldent in a wondrous excellence;
  Therefore my verse to constancy confin'd,
  One thing expressing, leave ther of a throned queen
  The basest jewel will be well esteem'd,
  So are those errors that in thee are all determinate.
  For how do I hold thee but by thy granting?
  Why should my heart think that a several plot,
  Which